hi are paola cherubs are
Pilates teacher in the middle in the oven
from Milan
today I will teach you the exercises for
be more sexy on high heels nobody
of us can do without high heels
because I'm sexy and elegant walking
but we all know it's a lot
hard to walk on high heels e
above all they can procure
foot problems of pains and pains
tips that plantar arch than to
heel and for this we will do three exercises
that will help us manage both the
walk that the pains that can
procure the first exercise e
represents a taste of the plant of the
foot then to reactivate the
circulation to make it a contraction
of the foot of the plant of nerves
we position ourselves with our fingers and heel
then stand with your feet on it
width of the hips and let's start ad
swing slightly feeling the weight
in our body on the whole plant of
foot
after that we take a ball like
this if you want or like this one here
it has slightly higher spikes
or a simple tennis ball
slightly deflated and we position it
under the toes of the right foot
and we start to breathe and feel good
the weight on both feet well
centered and breathe five times
after that we move the ball below
the arch of the foot and we continue again to
breathe five times
regardless of the fact that maybe under the
sole of the foot does a little bit more harm
because the nerves are closer to the
skin
after that we move the ball below
the place heel we got to do well
with the weight of the body on all the feet
is
we breathe this done five times
we move the ball and bring it back
in front of the foot and start a
massage all the foot passing two
or three times on each side and also on the
center
at this point repeat everything
exercise with the left foot
the second exercise is targeted
strengthening of the toes and
of the ankle
take an elastic band like
this if you have it at home or
just a towel and it
roll up so it helps you more there
we sit on the floor with our legs
stretch and position the towel
around the right foot
exactly around the tip of the foot
after this and inspiring we lengthen the
toe and inhaling it
we return to the normal position
exhaling we bend the knee and
we bring the tip of the foot towards us
and after that we put the length up
toe and bring the tip back
of the dog in the normal position e
we resume the exercise five times
always on the same foot done on
right foot let's repeat all
the five repetitions on the left foot
the third financial year instead aims at
strengthen the back muscles
the musculature of the knees la
ankle musculature
let's take the ball back there
served for the first exercise and the
we position standing at
ankles then your own vehicle at
ankles inhaling screams a little
ball with ankles
exhaling , bend the knees, inhaling
shooting on only the affinity of the feet
exhaling for a long time the knees and me
stretch upwards and exhale
back down by resting your heels for
land